hey guys so I am back with the review
for a company called ancient secret hair
growth oil this is the oil that I was
sent by the company comes in this black
bottle and this is a 4 ounce bottle is a
one month supply I received this oil
back in November so I had ample amount
of time to do a thorough review for this
ancient secret hair growth unfortunately
I wasn't able to be consistent just for
the simple fact that I was not feeling
good or than my hair was like the last
thing that I was thinking about I did
use the product five times to all my
scalp not enough times to actually tell
if my hair has grown from key
ingredients in here tea tree oil olive
oil coconut oil and Egyptian essential
oils so I guess that's like the secret
ingredient since I haven't really tried
it enough to speak about hair growth and
that's okay i'm going to tell you a
little bit about my experience with the
oil I love the oils that's in here these
are oils that i have used in my hair
journey except for the Egyptian
essential oils which is like the secret
ingredient and the tea tree oil is
really great for itchy scalp sometimes i
do have itchy scalp and i found that
this oil did soothe my scalp and another
thing i noticed about the oil is that
when our plan is for my scalp I
immediately felt like the tingling
sensation which is a plus you feel that
sensation you know that it's like
getting deep down in your hair follicles
you know that it's promoting growth from
within so I have no doubt that this
product will help with hair growth the
other oil in harris olive oil and you
guys know that I use a lot for deep
conditioning is very very nourishing to
the hair the olive oil in here is a plus
as well and the next oil is coconut oil
and you guys know I absolutely love
coconut oil and the Egyptian essential
oils that are in here are like the
secret ingredient so I'm not sure
exactly what they are and i'm pretty
sure i haven't used them before let's
talk about the texture the texture of
this oil is very very silky i went ahead
and applied it into an applicator bottle
so i can easily apply to my scalp
texture of the oil is very lightweight
you guys will be able to see day it's
super lightweight and silky it's not
oily like whatsoever we're not going to
waste that it's not super oily or thief
it doesn't have like an annoying smell
or anything like that it doesn't have
like an annoying smell or anything like
that smells like a little bit like men's
cologne by the light men's cologne but
it smells amazing i love the smell in
Minsk alone I don't know about you guys
so I just put it in here and not just
you know apply it to my scalp and it
just feels so cool going on to my skull
like it has like a minty um type of feel
to it and it just feels amazing on my
counsel I am going to go ahead and give
this oil a chance like a 30 day chance
because the four else is that they sent
me is like a one month supply so it's
enough to oil on your scalp you have to
all it every day but it does say apply
to scalp deli for growth so I'm going to
go ahead and start oiling my scalp after
I finish recording this video and I'm
going to give it 30 days of oil and
maybe like every other day or so and
massaging my scalp because we all know
that that stimulates hair growth
normally my hair grows slower in
wintertime so I wanted to kind of try
this oil to see if it'll help from a
growth so I'm going to definitely keep
you guys updated on my progress with the
oil so yeah if you guys are interested
in this oil I'm going to go ahead and
leave the link down below to where you
can go and check out the website if
you're interested in it i'll leave the
link to the oil down below so you guys
can check that out if you guys have any
questions go ahead and eat those down
below thank you guys so much for
watching this video and I'll see you
guys soon bye